

1.
Oh, but I am tired! I spent all day laying traps today for the fox that had torn up chickens a month ago. I don't want to wipe up another puddle of blood. Took me long enough to get to it. Just think of all that has changed since then.

On a lighter note, Maria and I had a lovely walk today. She is becoming so strong! It does renew my faith. I fretted the worst would happen again. Maria, after a while, was in gay spirits, owing, I think, to the cow who came nosing towards us. I feared they would be frightened to see a new body on the farm, but Maria did not scare them. The walk did her well though. Her attitude on the farm reminds me of… best not to trouble my dreams with it. I would rather go to sleep with light pen and light heart. I really believe she has turned the corner, and that we are over her troubles.

2. 
I am forced to wet the pages of the journal again. I can't sleep now, so I may as well write. I am too agitated to sleep. We have had such an adventure, such an agonizing experience. I fell asleep as soon as I had closed my journal…. Suddenly I became broad awake, and sat up, with a horrible sense of fear upon me, and of some feeling of emptiness around me. The room was dark, so I could not see Maria’s bed; I stole across and felt for her. The bed was empty. I lit a match and found that she was not in the room. The door was shut, but not locked. I ran downstairs and looked in the sitting-room. Not there! Then I looked in all the other open rooms of the house, with an ever-growing fear chilling my heart. Finally I came to the hall door and found it open. It was not wide open, but the catch of the lock had not caught. 

I am usually so careful to lock the door every night, but these days things seem to be slipping. There was no time to think of what might happen; a vague, overmastering fear obscured all details. I took a big, heavy jacket and ran out. There was a bright full moon, with heavy black, driving clouds, which threw the whole scene into a fleeting diorama of light and shade as they sailed across. For a moment or two I could see nothing, then the clouds moved and I saw her perched atop the barn. My heart froze. How did she get there. I clambered ran to the building and began clambering up. The time and distance seemed endless, and my arms trembled and my breath came labored as I toiled up the side of the barn. I must have gone fast, and yet it seemed to me as if my body were weighted with lead, and as though every joint in my body were rusty. 

I called in fright, “Maria! Maria!” She looked at me serenely as if all were perfectly natural. In the adrenaline I had felt nothing of what the climb wrought on my body, but sitting atop the barn I could feel the adrenal analgesic wear off. My body ached, and my hands were covered in blood, fingernails torn from the climb up the barn. I held them out in front of me trembling, and Maria turned her attention to them. Instead of fear, I saw that she was curious. 

I hesitate to write the next words, but she craned her neck over and began to lick my fingers as a dog would lick a wound. I pulled my hands back into my clothes covering them. I could swear I saw a glimmer of red anger in her eyes. 

3. 
Twice during the night I was wakened by Maria trying to get out. She seemed, even in her sleep, to be a little impatient at finding the door shut, and went back to bed under a sort of protest. I woke with the dawn, and heard the birds chirping outside of the window. Maria woke, too, and, I was sad to see, was much worse than on the previous morning. She is no longer taking to the milk on which I have been having her sup. I took her down to the kitchen to see if she would have any bread or corn, but she seemed entirely uninterested. I remember when my daughter was young I would feed her a bit of fried egg when she was sick. So I broke a few eggs and and began to fry them one by one. Strangely enough when I turned around I found Maria gulping down the eggs… Raw… 

4.

I have not had the heart to write. Some sort of shadowy pall seems to be coming over our happiness. Maria seems to be growing weaker. I do not understand Maria’s fading away as she is doing. She eats (still a diet of raw eggs to which I have surreptitiously added some bread) well and sleeps well, but I fear all the time shut in the room is causing her to worsen. The color in her cheeks are fading, and she gets weaker and more languid day by day; at night I hear her gasping as if for air. I keep the key of our door always fastened to my wrist at night, but she gets up and walks about the room, and sits at the open window. Last night I found her leaning out when I woke up, and when I tried to wake her I could not; she was in a faint. When I managed to restore her she was as weak as water, and moaned silently between long, painful struggles for breath. 

I do not know what is to be done. I fear this is the end. 

5. 
The worst has happened. I could not bear to think let alone write of it. But after some days I have mustered the courage. Maria is gone… And I cannot help but think of my own hand in it’s doing. But no more of these thoughts. This was my second chance and I have thrown it away. 

I visited my daughter’s grave today behind the barn. I laid flowers there. Time moves so slowly when you are alone. As if it were only yesterday.

All that is left now is to work. Perhaps through work I will forget. Perhaps I will be given another chance.

6.
I found her. When in the forest I found her. I found Maria! And blessing upon blessing, she is well. Her color returned. She is strong. Quite strong. She almost did not recognize me but I coaxed her to come back to the farm with me. Ah my darling. My beautiful Maria. When she got back to the farm she jumped into the barn and into the hay stacks. Just like my daughter use to do. Romping around. And well, there was a chicken in the hay stack as well. And I thought that Maria was just playing with the hen. But the hay stack was red. It became red. And well I could not watch. I shut and locked the barn door. Maria would not mind. I just don’t want to disturb her play. 

I’ll need to get more chickens…

7. 
She truly does love me. As soon as I peak into the barn she looks at me so lovingly and jumps up to try to play with me. My beautiful Maria. She is so strong now, at times it seems that she is almost able to break down the door. All to get to me. All to play with me... I have such frightful dreams these nights. I see my daughter. My old daughter. My human daughter, she tells me I am in danger. She tells me I need to kill Maria. But I could not even get close to her with my ax. I dream of that one night, on top of the barn. I see her craning her neck over. Licking the blood off my hands hungrily. I push my hands towards her. She opens her mouth. I shudder even recalling it.

But what am I to do? You see this new daughter, this new Maria she loves me more than all the other animals in the farm. She won’t even play with the chickens any more she wants to play with me so much. But won’t she grow weak if she does not play with the chickens… If she does not eat the chickens. If she just wants me instead...

I have some experimentation to do.

8.
I made a discovery today. My dear Maria just needs a little help to play with the chickens. I just have to take the ax and… well paint the chickens a bit red before throwing them into the barn. And I’ll let you in on a bit of a secret, after I fed her five of them, she just fell asleep. I even went into the barn and laid a blanket on her. So beautiful, when she sleeps. 

Wait there was a crash outside. The barn door is broken down. I hear a banging downstairs. She wants to play with me... I am going to get my ax. Where did I put it...

